# Customer Banking
AI Module 3 Challenge

## Challenge Background and Objective:
To design a customer banking system that allows users to calculate and track interest earned on savings and CD accounts. The system will allow users to enter their savings and CD account information, see the interest earned, and view the updated balances after a specified number of months.  The code will use pre established classes and functions. The code will be avaialble on Git Hub at ](https://github.com/Ebylisa/customer_banking.py).

## Code Summary:
(1) - A repository was created called customer_banking in Git hub. (2) - The starter files consist of the following files: Accounts.py, savings_account.py, cd_account.py, and customer_banking.py were pushed to GitHub. (3)The Accounts.py file contains the Account class with methods to set the balance and interest . (4) In the  savings_account.py file, the Account class was imported to create_savings_account function that will create a savings account instance, calculate the interest earned based on user input, update the account balance with the earned interest, and return the updated balance and interest earned. (5) In the cd_account.py file, the Account class was imported to create a create_cd_account function that will create a CD account instance, calculate the interest earned based on user input, update the account balance with the earned interest, and return the updated balance and interest earned. (6) Finally, in the customer_banking.py file, the  create_savings_account and create_cd_account functions were imported. (7) A main function was created to prompt users to enter the savings and CD account details, call the corresponding functions to calculate the interest earned and update the balances, and display the results.
